Selkirk College Students

Each year, Selkirk College opens its doors to more than 2,000 students from around the world. Our mission is to provide each and every one of you with exemplary teaching and outstanding learning and life experiences that engage you with our communities and the natural environment.

Current Students

If you are a current student at Selkirk College, you can gain easy access to the information you need to keep your academic life on track:

    important dates
    academic regulations
    exam schedules
    timetables
    Viewbook 2011-12  
    Academic Calendar 2013

Future Students

Future students of Selkirk College can walk around our campuses through a campus tour and can find out more about programs by arranging an appointment through counselling services. Check the admissions process for your program of choice, explore the possibilities of financial aid, read personal testimonies provided by our alumni or view some photos of our past students, to help you make a decision about your post-secondary education.

Get in touch with your Student Union to check on upcoming events, talk about your extended health plan coverage, or to become an advocate for the numerous issues facing students today.

Why Selkirk?

Selkirk College strives to provide each student with exemplary teaching, an outstanding learning environment and life experiences that will engage you with our communities and natural setting.

Our students consistently rank Selkirk College well above 90% in the top 10 areas of student satisfaction, including level of instructional expertise, quality of instruction and amount of knowledge gained.








About

Mission

Selkirk College will develop empowered, effective citizens through rewarding educational and life experiences that are built on our Region's distinct identity.

Vision

Our Vision is to be a Regional Community College that inspires, engages and enables learners to be valuable contributors to their communities and to society as a whole. Recognizing the value of mutually beneficial relationships, we will provide collaborative leadership in the communities we serve.

This Vision is rooted in our vivid sense of place that is more than mere location. It is a composite of our people, history, culture, values, lifestyle and landscape. It is a strength that will define us, give us direction and provide us with unique opportunities.

Selkirk College at the Confluence: Our Vision to 2010 (Strategic Direction August 2010) outlines Selkirk College's Mission, Vision, Values, and Strategic Directions.









Admissions

The Admissions department at Selkirk College accepts applications for admission up to 12 months prior to the start of any program. If you are an International Student, please consult International Student Admissions.

Some programs outline a specific time schedule for the application procedure that includes a last date for submission of application and supporting documentation. Late applications to all programs will be considered, subject to availability of spaces. Please check your specific program area for further information in this regard.

The Admissions department does not maintain waitlists for program entry. Applicants who are not accepted program of study must re-apply to gain consideration for a subsequent entry date.


Winter Admission

Students may begin academic studies and college preparatory studies in January. Students who enrol for the first time in January may find that their choice of courses is limited and may not be able to take a full course load. If you intend to enrol for a January start, please consult a counsellor for additional information.


Academic University Transfer

Students applying for admission to the Academic University Transfer program should forward a completed application form and all supporting documents as early as possible to ensure course selection. (Program application deadlines are outlined under specific program descriptions).


Pre-admission Assessment

All applicants must complete pre-admission assessment of language and mathematics skills unless specifically exempted. This assessment does not affect admissibility to a program, but is only for purposes of providing advisory information to applicants about their levels of academic skills in relation to the demands of the program to which they are applying. The results are intended to help applicants in their course planning; to allow them to make informed decisions regarding their readiness for enrolment; to improve student success in our courses and/or programs, and to reduce attrition due to lack of adequate skills. Registration will not be deemed to be complete until such assessment has been done.

Exemptions will be granted to students who have already completed relevant post-secondary courses in mathematics and/or English. To obtain an exemption, please provide an appropriate transcript to the Admissions Office.